A NETFLIX SERIES
The sun shines on you, Alice.
The day smells of new chances.
There's work that makes you feel
like you own your life.
A healthy life.
1. GET UP WITH THE RIGHT ATTITUDE
2. LIVE HEALTHY
The most important thing,
when you dodge a bullet,
you learn a lesson.
And you really dodged a bullet with Carlo.
You could have been Cristina.
Oh yes, you could have.
Alice!
Alice, wait.
Wait up!
AN ASTROLOGICAL GUIDE FOR BROKEN HEARTS
VIRGO
Damn it, the chain is stuck!
Listen to me.
I don't want to.
What you saw last night
is not what you think.
This is exactly the bullshit
I don't want to hear.
Come on! What I mean is…
Sonia means nothing to me!
Seriously.
Please, stop.
Hear me out.
She's just one
of my students.
She kept looking at me
during the History of Cinema lecture.
Well, you're the teacher.
I was.
What do you mean?
A girl looks at you,
she waits for you after class
and you forget that you're engaged
to your pregnant girlfriend?
I ended it yesterday. Hold on.
Had you not been so busy at work,
maybe I would have told you.
-And it wouldn't have happened.
-What?
Are you saying it's my fault?
No.
I don't want to get involved in this.
Fuck off!
Coming.
Alice, hi.
What are you doing here?
Well…
you don't reply to my texts
or my calls.
Come on in.
What texts? What calls?
You've been calling my old work phone.
I gave it back to Sardi when I left.
Oh shit.
Why, what did your messages say?
That I was sorry and…
that I felt guilty
because Sardi fired you.
Because of the show.
Sardi didn't fire me, I quit.
What?
Yes, I…
Staying didn't make sense.
I needed to sort stuff out.
I don't mean it literally.
You see…
Riccardo is at Elvira's this week.
So…
You know what?
Since you got me fired,
now you can help me tidy up.
Are things over with Elvira?
I'm so sorry.
Okay.
You wash, I dry.
It sounds like a plan.
For the record, Sardi found me
a part-time job at a radio station.
3. SPEAK TO ENRICO
4. APOLOGIZE TO DAVIDE
THE NATIONAL MUSEUM OF CINEMA TURIN
Alice?
-Yes.
-Hi.
Hi.
Starting from urgent matters,
Carlo has asked for you three times.
-Next?
-Give it here.
Tio has been a bit odd.
Tio is always odd. Next?
It's Marlin.
She wants to dress up like
Audrey Hepburn in Roman Holiday.
And we need to check the video.
Tell Marlin I'll be right there.
And what about Carlo?
He can wait.
Bye.
-Morning.
Davide. I owe you an apology.
Do you?
Yes.
I thought you'd fired Enrico,
but now I know that you didn't.
Actually, you helped him out.
So…
Is this why you've been treating me
like I had the plague?
I'm so sorry.
Apology accepted.
Speaking of Enrico,
do you have his work phone?
Yes.
Have you used it?
-No.
-Good.
No, you know…
I mean,
it's already so stressful
having one phone,
two would be madness.
Could I have it, maybe?
Mine has been misbehaving.
No problem.
I'll look for it.
Of course.
-Whenever you can.
-Alice?
Yes?
Marlin is dressed now.
Coming.
I love it.
The colors are great.
We'll talk later.
Great idea, thanks.
Let's try it out.
Mara, remember,
frame everyone this way.
Could you ask him
to do something together?
Kind of like a game.
Good morning.
Thanks for the opportunity.
Hi.
Can we talk?
Cristina, sorry, I am really busy and--
Please, one minute.
I know that we're not…
That things haven't been…
Okay.
I want to apologize.
The truth is, I've always envied
your friendship with Carlo.
There's nothing between me and Carlo.
He tells you everything.
Has he mentioned if…
he still wants to marry me?
If he's happy about the baby?
He's been acting strangely lately.
Has he said anything?
I know you're his friend, not mine.
But I thought…
Well, maybe…
he seems strange because…
the wedding is coming up.
Maybe he feels…
nervous?
Maybe.
Thanks anyway.
Tell her!
Run after her and tell her.
Alice.
We'll talk as soon as I can.
Of course.
-Good morning.
-Hi.
-This is good.
-I have a half hour. Care to join me?
-Yes.
-Is everything okay?
We've barely seen each other lately.
Hi.
-Hi.
I'm glad you're here, can we talk?
You can take a break.
We need to review the video.
The video is my responsibility.
Are we really talking
about your responsibilities?
Okay.
No, fine.
Maybe, we can talk about it later.
I did want to know…
Bye.
-Bye.
You're mean.
He put me in a difficult situation.
I can't look Cristina in the eye.
Do you think he's serious about the girl?
I don't know.
And I don't care.
What are you watching?
It looks like…
I don't know.
If you didn't know us…
what would you think of Davide and me?
No, I mean,
if you didn't know we're just colleagues.
Are you telling me you fancy Davide Sardi?
Yes.
Is everything okay?
Mara's right. You're particularly odd.
Is your gran alright?
Yes, she's…
She's fine.
It's me.
How can I put it? I'm questioning my
credibility as a love consultant, you see.
That's it.
What do you mean?
In the sense that…
What if I were wrong?
Maybe I'm going around spouting bullshit.
Maybe I'm just scared
of falling in love, like you said.
-What?
-Sorry, Alice.
Carlo sent me
to help you out with the video.
May I?
Of course, Olmo.
Sit down.
Come.
Thank you.
Can you wait for me?
We can continue our chat later.
Don't you worry.
I'm just feeling a little off.
Bye.
Come on, Olmo!
I know you're mad at me, Enrico.
I had nothing to do with Sardi's decision.
Please believe me.
He was a coward to fire you like that.
Davide Sardi.
I'd love to tell him
how much of an asshole he is.
I had a dream about him.
He was smiling at me and I headbutted him.
He's so arrogant.
Yes, he's handsome
but I bet he had his nose done.
Have I told you about that time
I threw up on him?
Thinking about it now is very satisfying.
Hello?
-I have an hour for lunch. Can you come?
-Sure.
-Well?
-This morning I was so happy.
My to-do list seemed to be working.
And now I'm in an even bigger mess.
Why?
I like Davide.
There, I said it.
-Davide Sardi?
-Yes.
It's not a good idea, he's your boss.
It's not the right time to mess things up
as your career is taking off.
Alright, but…
Giovanni was your boss too,
when you two met.
Sure, but it was a tiny,
insignificant detail.
You're right.
Your advice is on point today.
It always is.
But you often choose my competitor.
-Are you jealous?
-No.
I assume Tio wasn't around today.
Are you crazy?
You're my best friend.
Anyway,
Tio's been unreliable.
He's been acting strange.
His mind is somewhere else.
Or maybe he has a crush on someone
and he has his head in the clouds.
Or shall we say in the stars?
Tio? A crush?
On whom?
No.
-No.
-Yes.
-Think about it.
First, according to the stars
the men you're dating
are never good enough.
Then he acts all jealous
at your parents' party
when you're pining for Alejandro.
He's always so attentive,
full of little gestures…
He's like a brother to me.
He's not.
Actually,
he's cute.
And he's not your boss.
Is my sandwich ready?
Sorry, it's coming.
-Eat this.
-I lost my appetite.
-Bye, Alice. See you tomorrow.
-Thanks, guys.
I'm going home.
It's all ready.
We'll be here tomorrow at 9:00 a.m.
Okay, thank you.
Is Tio still around?
Over there.
Who's the blond?
She sorted out the permits.
Sardi keeps looking for you.
Alice?
Bye.
Thanks, Mara.
I have the phone.
It's yours.
You listened to the messages.
I couldn't help myself.
It was fun.
Really?
Sure.
How did it go with our Audrey Hepburn?
Is she alright being just herself?
Apparently, yes.
Tio wouldn't be a great Gregory Peck.
I read somewhere that
during the shoot for Roman Holiday
he couldn't start the Vespa.
If only people knew
how complicated
romantic scenes are to film…
They wouldn't want to know.
We should talk.
Absolutely. As you can see…
Not here.
Wait.
I can't believe this.
What has Carlo told her?
Wait a minute.
Hi.
I need help!
What happened?
-I'm useless!
-Where are you?
In the bathroom.
Are you still here?
-Yes.
-I don't know what to do.
Okay, I'm coming.
-One moment.
-Thanks.
Is everything okay?
Give me five minutes.
I'll be back.
I'll be right back.
Don't run away.
It's all in the contrast…
Ms. Bassi.
I thought you'd gone.
Let me introduce you
to the woman who allowed us
to put your genius idea into practice.
Mrs. Barbara Buchneim-Wessler
Ricci Pastori.
-Nice to meet you.
-Likewise.
She's Alice Bassi,
the show's creator.
So you're the famous Alice.
In the flesh.
But the only thing I'm famous for
is my inability
to take helmets off.
Nice helmet.
It got attached.
May I?
I must warn you…
-Done.
-Oh.
Thank you.
I was just telling Barbara
that this week's contestant
is of the sign of Virgo.
Just like yourself.
If your love interest is a Virgo,
trust me on this.
You could be in big trouble.
Have you seen…
Psycho?
Maybe you've read one of those books
when the murderer is someone
with a steady routine,
apparently meek
and balanced.
Then the neighbors say,
"He seemed to be such a nice guy."
This is someone who loves
doing the same thing
day after day,
hour after hour.
Does he remind you of someone now?
You could see this coincidence
as a way of thanking you and the Museum
for your generosity.
Davide.
He never asks me for anything.
For once I can help him out.
It's been a pleasure.
I won't keep you.
I'm sure you're very busy.
Yes, of course.
I am.
Alright. If you'll excuse me.
Of course.
Cristina?
I'm right here.
God, what's wrong?
I didn't know who to call.
Okay. Do you need an ambulance?
Should I call someone?
Carlo is seeing another woman,
I just know it.
Don't say that.
His phone has been off for hours.
Well…
There could be a multitude of reasons.
No.
There is only one.
He was in the control room.
Maybe there's no reception.
Okay.
Now listen.
I'm gonna go.
-Get you a soda.
-Okay.
It'll perk you up.
Then you'll wash up.
Put on that lipstick
I've always been jealous of.
Calm down.
We call a taxi and you go home.
Wait here.
I'll be right back.
Alice?
Where's Cristina?
She called you a million times, you idiot!
Is the baby okay?
I was working.
I didn't notice my battery was dead.
Don't look at me like that!
Don't you believe me?
What I believe doesn't matter.
Your fiancée is in there.
The mother of your unborn child
thinks you're cheating on her.
What did you tell her?
That you'd never do such a thing to her.
Don't make me regret it.
Go.
Go!
Thank you.
Hey.
Hi.
What are you doing all alone?
Nothing, I was waiting
for… a friend.
Listen, I've been thinking…
about our chat, earlier.
And…
I think I've been a bit selfish.
Selfish?
You have a crush, don't you?
See, I knew it!
That's why I feel bad.
I could have done something,
I should have noticed.
Hey.
-It was insensitive of me. Sorry.
-Hey.
I'm sorry.
-What?
-No, it's…
I don't want to make things worse.
How do you mean?
Tio, I…
I really love you,
but not in that way.
No, sorry.
Are you crazy?
You told me you were in love!
Yes, sure.
I don't know.
Maybe.
But not with you.
The geologist?
Why didn't you say?
I was embarrassed.
You kept saying how boring he was.
And it's a new thing for me.
It was love at first sight.
Like in the movies.
See, it can happen.
I'm sailing in uncharted waters, Alice.
But…
I like him.
I really like him.
Maybe…
I've never liked anybody like that before.
Sail away, my friend.
In this sea, there are no sharks,
only a cute man
who's kind…
and wants to be with you.
-Bye.
Let's go.
Davide.
I'm coming.
Subtitle translation by: Luisa Zamboni